World flashed before my eyes
I thought that I had met my demise
Without a doubt I feared for my life
Running away to hide from all the red dark skies
"This is not the way to go"
I told myself now because I know
No one will be fighting this war for me
My fate is up to me don't you see
Ready or not here I come
I won't back down till the battle's done
All that pain has led up to this day
So you'd better not get in my way
I hope you've prepped yourself enough tonight
Cuz I'm not backing down without a fight
Taking a big step out drawing my knife
Because tonight someone's losing their life
I hope you've prepped yourself enough tonight
Cuz I'm not backing down without a fight
Taking a big step out drawing my knife
Because tonight someone's losing their life